Update warp readme (#765)
ava-labs/subnet-evm: x/warp/README.md

For more details on Avalanche Warp Messaging, see the AvalancheGo [Warp README](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego/blob/warp-readme/vms/platformvm/warp/README.md).

## Integrating Avalanche Warp Messaging into the EVM

### Flow of Sending / Receiving a Warp Message within the EVM

The Avalanche Warp Precompile enables this flow to send a message from blockchain A to blockchain B:

1. Call the Warp Precompile `sendWarpMessage` function with the arguments for the UnsignedMessage
2. Warp Precompile emits an event / log containing the `UnsignedMessage` specified by the caller of `sendWarpMessage`
3. Network accepts the block containing the `UnsignedMessage` in the log, so that validators are willing to sign the message
4. An off-chain relayer queries the validators for their signatures of the message and aggregate the signatures to create a `SignedMessage`

> 5. The off-chain relayer encodes the `SignedMessage` as the [predicate](#predicate-encoding) in of a transaction to deliver on blockchain B

Author: Yup `AccessList` was missing here. The predicate is encoded in the EIP-2930 access list of the transaction. Updating.

Therefore, we use the [Predicate Utils](../../../utils/predicate/README.md) package to encode the actual byte slice of size N into the access list.

### Performance Optimization: C-Chain to Subnet

To support C-Chain to Subnet communication, or more generally Primary Network to Subnet communication, we special case the C-Chain for two reasons:

1. Every Subnet validator validates the C-Chain
2. The Primary Network has the largest possible number of validators

> Since the Primary Network has the largest possible number of validators for any Subnet on Avalanche, it would also be the most expensive Subnet to verify Avalanche Warp Messages from (most signatures/public keys required to verify it). Luckily, we can do something much smarter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Primary Network has the largest possible number of validators for any Subnet on Avalanche, it would also be the most expensive Subnet to verify Avalanche Warp Messages from (most signatures/public keys required to verify messages arriving from it if we use the described procedure as is). Luckily, we can do something much smarter.
```

> When a Subnet receives a message from a blockchain on the Primary Network, we use the validator set of the receiving Subnet instead of the entire network when validating the message. This means that the C-Chain sending a message can be the exact same as Subnet to Subnet communciation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Subnet receives a message from a blockchain on the Primary Network, we use the validator set of the receiving Subnet instead of the entire network when validating the message to define a threshold of stake necessary for the receiving network to consider processing the message. This means that the C-Chain sending a message can be the exact same as Subnet to Subnet communication.
```

Author: Fixing the typo, but leaving the rest because I think it makes it more difficult to read.

However, when Subnet B receives a message from the C-Chain, it changes the semantics to the following:

> 1. Read the SourceChainID of the signed message (C-Chain)

Reviewer: Do we really only special case C-Chain or is it all of primary network?

The Warp Precompile itself provides ONLY the following ability:

> - Send a verifiable message from a caller on blockchain A to a destination address on blockchain B

Reviewer 2: Line 157 and line 163 seem to contradict each other.

In line 157, we are guaranteeing that the Warp Precompile sends a message from blockchain A to B. Therefore, one can logically deduce that the message will *eventually* be delivered. However, line 163 states that the Warp Precompile does not guarantee eventual message delivery.
